Update Tutorial README.md (#282)
hms-dbmi/viv: tutorial/README.md

```

> NOTE: Viv currently uses [`geotiff.js`](https://geotiffjs.github.io/) for accessing data from remote TIFFs
> over HTTP and support the three lossless compression options supported

> > by `raw2ometiff` - `LZW`, `zlib`, and `Uncompressed`. `LZW` is the default if you

Reviewer: Do you think that we should remove the explicit `--compression=zlib` flag from the instruction? I think it's fine as is, but would make the tutorial more simple.

Author: I think it's OK as-is because it shows that there is the option (without people having to look for it) and we are explicit that it is not necessary.

Author: Actually I will remove it since we explicitly say below that there is a `--compression` option, not just that you can change it.

- http://avivator.gehlenborglab.org/?image_url=http://localhost:8000/LuCa-7color_Scan1.ome.tif (OME-TIFF)

> Troubleshooting: Viv relies on cross-origin requests to retrieve data from servers. The `--cors='*'` flag is important to ensure
> that the appropriate `Access-Control-Allow-Origin` response is sent from your local server.  In addition, you need to allow

> > `Range` requests on your production web servers, even though you do not need to specify for `http-server`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> that the appropriate `Access-Control-Allow-Origin` response is sent from your local server.
> In addition, web servers must allow [HTTP range requests](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Range_requests) to support viewing OME-TIFF images.
> Range requests are allowed by default by `http-server` but may need to be enabled explicitly for your production web server.
```
